Add built-in NPLN proxy (#42)
PretendoNetwork/nex-viewer: README.md

> 
> This application is designed with this traffic in mind and tries it's best to support all possible games. Due to Quazal licensing it's Rendez-Vous software to many developers over time, the specifics on how you obtain the account details will vary. Due to Rendez-Vous' ability to be modified and extended (such as with the creation of NEX), some developers may have also made large changes to the protocols which are incompatible with other implementations. One such example is WATCH_DOGS, which changed the structure of RMC payloads. This application does a best attempt at supporting these changes, but it is possible that some changes are impossible to support cleanly along side other implementations. In those cases, a fork of NEX Viewer should be made.
> 
> ## Using the NPLN Proxy
> 
> NEX Viewer implements a built-in gRPC/NPLN proxy server which can be used to capture traffic from NPLN games. It can be started and stopped from the application menu (under "Proxy") and it will listen on port 8080 by default, but it can be configured to listen to any port in the settings.
> 
> The proxy should be used alongside a traditional MITM proxy, such as Charles Proxy, like described in the "gRPC (NPLN)" section of Billy's [Switch TLS Dumping Guide](https://blog.billy.wales/3m4ijndvumcow). The generated CA certificates can be obtained by clicking the "Open CA Certificate folder" button in the application menu.
> 
> Once the proxy has been set up, incoming gRPC/NPLN requests will automatically be parsed by the viewer and displayed in the packet list.

Reviewer: This should probably have a big warning about ban risks, just to cover our asses https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
## Using the NPLN Proxy

> [!CAUTION]
> Use at your own risk. While the proxy has been tested thoroughly, and no bans have occured from its use, Nintendo is much more cautious with NSO. Even irregularities such as the order of headers can trip their alarms. We are not responsible for anything that may happen to your console/NSO account when using this tool.

NEX Viewer implements a built-in gRPC/NPLN proxy server which can be used to capture traffic from NPLN games. It can be started and stopped from the application menu (under "Proxy") and it will listen on port 8080 by default, but it can be configured to listen to any port in the settings.

The proxy should be used alongside a traditional MITM proxy, such as Charles Proxy, like described in the "gRPC (NPLN)" section of Billy's [Switch TLS Dumping Guide](https://blog.billy.wales/3m4ijndvumcow). The generated CA certificates can be obtained by clicking the "Open CA Certificate folder" button in the application menu.

Once the proxy has been set up, incoming gRPC/NPLN requests will automatically be parsed by the viewer and displayed in the packet list.
```

Reviewer: Also I noticed that this says that a traditional proxy must also still be used, like Charles. I'm a bit ignorant when it comes to Switch proxying, is this absolutely required? And if so, why? I'm genuinely asking

I'm mostly wondering how feasible it would be to cut out the middleman (pun intended) and *just* use this proxy, without something like Charles. Both because it would simplify the setup, and because as noted in Billy's guide Charles is paid software so it would be nice to have a free way of capturing this traffic

@InternalLoss can you weigh in, as the author of that guide?

Author: I'm pretty sure that when I wrote that I didn't realize that mockttp is only intercepting the TLS traffic of the NPLN and GameSync domains, I just tested it and you're right, we can indeed avoid using a middleman.

I think I wrote it like that because I was referring to Switch MITMing in general, and obviously you're gonna have some issues if you want to capture normal HTTP traffic due to the Switch's unique console certificate
